README.md, before:

# Summary box for Wikipedia links &ndash; WordPress plugin

Version 1.0.4, November 22, 2024, df

## Introduction
- The plugin shows nice preview boxes with the summaries of linked Wikipedia articles.
- Works out of the box, even with existing Wikipedia links on your website.
- Works on all devices, mobile and desktop.
- Also available in a version that you can use on any website.

## Websites related to this project
[Project page](https://su-pa.net/wikiPrevBox/index.html) (su-pa.net)  
[Plugin in the WordPress directory](https://wordpress.org/plugins/summary-box-for-wikipedia-links) (wordpress.com)  
[Plugin test page](https://supa.cyon.site/) (supa.cyon.site)  
[Source code](https://github.com/su-pa/Summary-box-for-Wikipedia-links) (github.com) for the Summary box, which can be used on any website, open source, also for self-hosting 

## About this repository
Here you can find the code of the plugin version 1.0.4.  
The ZIP file is ready to be installed on your WordPress site. 

The plugin is based on our project ["Summary box for Wikipedia links"](https://wordpress.org/plugins/summary-box-for-wikipedia-links) with the same feature but for any website that we started in 12/2021.

## Update history
- **Version 1.0.4**, (Nov 22, 2024), updating for WP 6.7 compatibility
- **Version 1.0.3**, (Jul 21, 2024), updating for WP 6.6 compatibility
- **Version 1.0.2**, (Apr 05, 2024), updating for WP 6.5 compatibility, minor text updates, update Tags, update description, ZIP renewed
- **Version 1.0.1**, (Nov 27, 2023), readme WP plugin, new screenshot-4.jpg, ZIP renewed
- **Version 1.0.1**, (Nov 25, 2023), added missing allowed tag in summary box (Wiki API data, ``<sup>``), update texts, ZIP, new screenshot-2.gif
- **Version 1.0.0**, (Nov 23, 2023), initial release, review process passed on the first try
- **Version 1.0.0 (preview)**, (Nov 17, 2023), review process underway 

## How to support
We would be delighted if you would support **«The Horse project»**!\
We are a non-profit association for the promotion of intercultural youth projects, since 2016.
- Website of our organisation: [«THE ! association»](https://the-horse.education)
- Realised cross-border projects of the young people: [dontwastemy.energy](https://dontwastemy.energy)
- [Donate The Horse!](https://donate.stripe.com/aEU01Rfj55RxdO0cMO) (stripe.com)

Or [donate](https://donate.wikimedia.org) to the 
	[Wikimedia Foundation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikimedia_Foundation).

## License & privacy
Privacy: Get more information on the [project page](https://su-pa.net/wikiPrevBox/).  
License: [GPL v3 License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)

## Contact
Dominik Fehr, wikinick@su-pa.net  
Last code update, April 05, 2024, [su-pa.net](https://su-pa.net)

Commit message:

v1.1.0 – Fixed PHP 8.3+ error, improved compatibility & stability

README.md, after:

# Summary box for Wikipedia links &ndash; WordPress plugin

Version 1.1.0, March 19, 2025, df

## Introduction
- The plugin shows nice preview boxes with the summaries of linked Wikipedia articles.
- Works out of the box, even with existing Wikipedia links on your website.
- Works on all devices, mobile and desktop.
- Also available in a version that you can use on any website.

## Websites related to this project
[Project page](https://su-pa.net/wikiPrevBox/index.html) (su-pa.net)  
[Plugin in the WordPress directory](https://wordpress.org/plugins/summary-box-for-wikipedia-links) (wordpress.com)  
[Plugin test page](https://supa.cyon.site/) (supa.cyon.site)  
[Source code](https://github.com/su-pa/Summary-box-for-Wikipedia-links) (github.com) for the Summary box, which can be used on any website, open source, also for self-hosting 

## About this repository
Here you can find the code of the plugin version 1.1.0.  
The ZIP file is ready to be installed on your WordPress site. 

The plugin is based on our project ["Summary box for Wikipedia links"](https://wordpress.org/plugins/summary-box-for-wikipedia-links) with the same feature but for any website that we started in 12/2021.

## Update history
- **Version 1.1.0**, (Mar 19, 2025), fixed a critical error on PHP 8.3+, missing get_plugin_data()
- **Version 1.0.4**, (Nov 22, 2024), updating for WP 6.7 compatibility
- **Version 1.0.3**, (Jul 21, 2024), updating for WP 6.6 compatibility
- **Version 1.0.2**, (Apr 05, 2024), updating for WP 6.5 compatibility, minor text updates, update Tags, update description, ZIP renewed
- **Version 1.0.1**, (Nov 27, 2023), readme WP plugin, new screenshot-4.jpg, ZIP renewed
- **Version 1.0.1**, (Nov 25, 2023), added missing allowed tag in summary box (Wiki API data, ``<sup>``), update texts, ZIP, new screenshot-2.gif
- **Version 1.0.0**, (Nov 23, 2023), initial release, review process passed on the first try
- **Version 1.0.0 (preview)**, (Nov 17, 2023), review process underway 

## How to support
We would be delighted if you would support **«The Horse project»**!\
We are a non-profit association for the promotion of intercultural youth projects, since 2016.
- Website of our organisation: [«THE ! association»](https://the-horse.education)
- Realised cross-border projects of the young people: [dontwastemy.energy](https://dontwastemy.energy)
- [Donate The Horse!](https://donate.stripe.com/aEU01Rfj55RxdO0cMO) (stripe.com)

Or [donate](https://donate.wikimedia.org) to the 
	[Wikimedia Foundation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikimedia_Foundation).

## License & privacy
Privacy: Get more information on the [project page](https://su-pa.net/wikiPrevBox/).  
License: [GPL v3 License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)

## Contact
Dominik Fehr, wikinick@su-pa.net  
Last code update, March 19, 2025, [su-pa.net](https://su-pa.net)
