summary-box-for-wikipedia-links/readme.md, before:

=== Summary box for Wikipedia links ===
Contributors: tivid
Donate link: https://buy.stripe.com/dR6dSH8UH0xd4dq288
Tags: wikipedia, summary, preview, learn, term, card, popup, wiki, knowledge, link, facts, notion
Requires at least: 4.7
Tested up to: 6.4.1
Stable tag: 1.0.1
Requires PHP: 5.6
License: GPLv3 or later
License URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

The «Summary box for Wikipedia links» brings the preview boxes from Wikipedia to your website! It displays nice summary boxes on every Wikipedia link.

== Description ==

The **«Summary box for Wikipedia links»** plugin brings the [Page Previews](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Page_Previews) from WikiMedia to your website! It displays simple and nice summary boxes on every Wikipedia link. Once activated, it turns all **existing** and **new** Wikipedia links on your site into ones with interactive summary boxes! 

**Authors and visitors love it! <sup>❤️</sup>**

- Simplifies content creation by providing on-demand term explanations.  
- Connects your visitors to Wikipedia's wealth of knowledge.  
- Enhances your site with a simple, valuable, useful and nice feature!

**This plugin ...**

- works smoothly with touch and mouse on mobile and desktop.
- works out of the box, just set a normal Wikipedia link and the summary box appears.
- supports all existing languages and text directions (ltr, rtl) on Wikipedia.
- does not affect your website in any way.
- is based on our library that can bring this feature to any website, not just WP, first release was 12/2021.
- is very lightweight, free and open source.

**Settings. You have control over whether to ...**

- show summary boxes for all Wikipedia links, or none but only show selected ones. 
- show images in all boxes, or none but also only in selected ones.
- display or hide each box and each image within it separately.
- change the width of the summary boxes, the number of characters displayed, the font size and more.

Best of all, using the settings it's really simple, but in most cases you don't need them at all, just activate the plugin and see if you like it.  

**Examples**  
[Try it out on our project page](https://su-pa.net/wikiPrevBox/) (su-pa.net).  
[Use on our website dontwastemy.energy](https://dontwastemy.energy/2023/05/23/video-games-and-the-environment-how-are-they-related/)

**Links related to the plugin**  
[Project page](https://su-pa.net/wikiPrevBox/) (su-pa.net)  
[Plugin source code](https://github.com/su-pa/Summary-box-for-Wikipedia-links_WordPress-Plugin/) (github.com)  
[Plugin test page](https://supa.cyon.site/) (cyon.site)  
[Source code of the library for any site](https://github.com/su-pa/Summary-box-for-Wikipedia-links) (github.com)  

Give it a try!   
Thank you very much.

**Donate**  
The first version was created for our **"The Horse" project**, which supports cross-border student learning and collaboration projects. If you find the plugin helpful, please consider supporting the development by donating to [THE ! association](https://the-horse.education).

For suggestions or inquiries, feel free to contact us  
Dominik, wikinick@su-pa.net.

== Installation ==

1. From your WordPress dashboard go to **Plugins > Add New**.
1. Search for **Summary box for Wikipedia links** in the **Search Plugins** box.
1. Click **Install Now** to install the **Summary box for Wikipedia links** plugin.
1. Click **Activate** to activate the plugin.
1. After activating the plugin **all existing and new** Wikipedia links on your website will automatically show a nice preview box with a article summary of the Wikipedia article.
1. After that you can change the appearance of the boxes in the **settings page** (go to "Settings", "Summary for Wikipedia") if you like to do so. 

**You can also download the plugin directly as a ZIP file** from the [**repository**](https://github.com/su-pa/Summary-box-for-Wikipedia-links_WordPress-Plugin/) (github.com) and install it in WordPress via "Plugins", "Add New", "Upload Plugin".

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= Why is no image in a specific summary box? =

Not all, but most, Wikipedia articles contain an image that can be displayed in the summary box. Also make sure that you didn't use the "#dontshowimage" parameter in your Wikipedia link or you have selected "Disable Images" in the administration.

= Why is a particular summary box showing fewer characters than set in the admin? =

The value set in the admin is a maximum. The number of characters displayed in a summary box also depends on the text in the linked Wikipedia article. 

= How do I customize the settings for the summary boxes? =

In your WordPress admin area, navigate to Settings > **Summary for Wikipedia**. There, you can adjust the width, number of characters, font size, disable showing images in all summary boxes, and more.

= I did a change in the settings but it seems not to have an effect. =

The pages of your website may be cached by your web server or browser - please clear these caches.

== Screenshots ==

1. The Summary box with a preview of the "Wind" article on Wikipedia
2. Demo on desktop
3. Settings of the «Summary box for Wikipedia links» that affect Summary boxes
4. Parameters that affect a specific preview aka summary box

== Changelog ==
= 1.0.0 - 20.11.2023 =
* Initial release.
= 1.0.0 - 24.11.2023 =
* Update Details text.
= 1.0.1 - 25.11.2023 =
* Added some allowed tags in the summary box.
= 1.0.1 - 27.11.2023 =
* Update Details text; settings, FAQ, screenshot added.

Version 1.0.1, 27 November 2023, df
Dominik Fehr, wikinick@su-pa.net

Commit message:

v1.0.2, WP 6.5, minor Text, Tags, Description

summary-box-for-wikipedia-links/readme.md, after:

=== Summary box for Wikipedia links ===
Contributors: tivid
Donate link: https://buy.stripe.com/dR6dSH8UH0xd4dq288
Tags: wikipedia, preview, education, enhancement, content
Requires at least: 4.7
Tested up to: 6.5
Stable tag: 1.0.2
Requires PHP: 5.6
License: GPLv3 or later
License URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

Enhance your site with Wikipedia summary boxes! Offer instant info previews on existing and new Wikipedia links without altering your website code.

== Description ==

The **«Summary box for Wikipedia links»** plugin brings the [Page Previews](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Page_Previews) from WikiMedia to your website. It displays simple and nice summary boxes on every Wikipedia link. 

**Immediately after activating the plugin, you get nicely animated summary boxes <ins>for all existing and new</ins> Wikipedia links on your site!**  
All without touching your source code in any way, so you can try it out without hesitation.

**Authors and visitors love it! <sup>❤️</sup>**

- Simplifies content creation by providing on-demand term explanations.  
- Connects your visitors to Wikipedia's wealth of knowledge.  
- Enhances your site with a simple, valuable, useful and nice feature!

**This plugin ...**

- Works out of the box, just set a Wikipedia link as usual and the summary box appears.
- Works smoothly with touch and mouse on mobile, desktop and tablet.
- Supports all existing languages and text directions (ltr, rtl) on Wikipedia.
- Does not affect your website in any way.
- Is based on our library that can bring this feature to any website, not just WP, first release was 12/2021.
- Is very lightweight, free and open source.

**Settings. You have control over whether to ...**

- Show summary boxes for all Wikipedia links, or none but only show selected ones. 
- Show images in all boxes, or none but also only in selected ones.
- Display or hide each box and each image within it separately.
- Change the width of the summary boxes, the number of characters displayed, the font size and more.

Best of all, using the settings it's really simple, but in most cases you don't need them at all, just activate the plugin and see if you like it.  

**Examples**  
[Try it out on our project page](https://su-pa.net/wikiPrevBox/) (su-pa.net).  
[Use on our website dontwastemy.energy](https://dontwastemy.energy/2023/05/23/video-games-and-the-environment-how-are-they-related/)

**Links related to the plugin**  
[Project page](https://su-pa.net/wikiPrevBox/) (su-pa.net)  
[Plugin source code](https://github.com/su-pa/Summary-box-for-Wikipedia-links_WordPress-Plugin/) (github.com)  
[Plugin test page](https://supa.cyon.site/) (cyon.site)  
[Source code of the library for any site](https://github.com/su-pa/Summary-box-for-Wikipedia-links) (github.com)  

Give it a try!   
Thank you very much.

**Donate**  
The first version was created for our **"The Horse" project**, which supports cross-border student learning and collaboration projects. If you find the plugin helpful, please consider supporting the development by donating to [THE ! association](https://the-horse.education).

For suggestions or inquiries, feel free to contact us  
Dominik, wikinick@su-pa.net.

== Installation ==

1. From your WordPress dashboard go to **Plugins > Add New**.
1. Search for **Summary box for Wikipedia links** in the **Search Plugins** box.
1. Click **Install Now** to install the **Summary box for Wikipedia links** plugin.
1. Click **Activate** to activate the plugin.
1. After activating the plugin **all existing and new** Wikipedia links on your website will automatically show a nice preview box with a article summary of the Wikipedia article.
1. After that you can change the appearance of the boxes in the **settings page** (go to "Settings", "Summary for Wikipedia") if you like to do so. 

**You can also download the plugin directly as a ZIP file** from the [**repository**](https://github.com/su-pa/Summary-box-for-Wikipedia-links_WordPress-Plugin/) (github.com) and install it in WordPress via "Plugins", "Add New", "Upload Plugin".

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= Why is no image in a specific summary box? =

Not all, but most, Wikipedia articles contain an image that can be displayed in the summary box. Also make sure that you didn't use the "#dontshowimage" parameter in your Wikipedia link or you have selected "Disable Images" in the administration.

= Why is a particular summary box showing fewer characters than set in the admin? =

The value set in the admin is a maximum. The number of characters displayed in a summary box also depends on the text in the linked Wikipedia article. 

= How do I customize the settings for the summary boxes? =

In your WordPress admin area, navigate to Settings > **Summary for Wikipedia**. There, you can adjust the width, number of characters, font size, disable showing images in all summary boxes, and more.

= I did a change in the settings but it seems not to have an effect. =

The pages of your website may be cached by your web server or browser - please clear these caches.

== Screenshots ==

1. The Summary box with a preview of the "Wind" article on Wikipedia
2. Demo on desktop
3. Settings of the «Summary box for Wikipedia links» that affect Summary boxes
4. Parameters that affect a specific preview aka summary box

== Changelog ==
= 1.0.0 - 20.11.2023 =
* Initial release.
= 1.0.0 - 24.11.2023 =
* Update Details text.
= 1.0.1 - 25.11.2023 =
* Added some allowed tags in the summary box.
= 1.0.1 - 27.11.2023 =
* Update Details text; settings, FAQ, screenshot added.
= 1.0.2 - 05.04.2024 =
* updating for WP 6.5 compatibility, some minor text updates.

Version 1.0.2, 05 April 2024, df
Dominik Fehr, wikinick@su-pa.net
